# nbdev_conda_test

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This file will become your README and also the index of your
documentation.

## Install

Actually use conda like the following

``` bash
conda install -c kekulai -c conda-forge -c tmap nbdev_conda_test
```

# Conda package naming convention

Conda package names are normalized and they may contain only lowercase
alpha characters, numeric digits, underscores, hyphens, or dots

# Pip package naming convention

Underscores can be used in the module name if it improves readability.
Python packages should also have short, all-lowercase names, although
the use of underscores is discouraged. A valid name consists only of
ASCII letters and numbers, period, underscore and hyphen. It must start
and end with a letter or number.

NB: Python can not import packages with a hyphen though!!

> SO FOR SIMPLICITY, KEEP PACKAGE NAMING CONVENTION LOWERCASE,NUMERICS
> AND UNDERSCORE IF NEEDED

## Dev

NB: nbdev_conda does not work because it depends on first uploading to
pypi and then downloading it to prep for conda build. This pypi
dependent approach will not work for those packaging requirements that
need other conda packages.

``` bash
nbdev_conda --build_args '-c conda-forge -c tmap' --upload_user kekulai
```

Altneraiavely, you can directly build conda from conda build and
anaconda cli that yuou need to installed inthe base environment.

1.  Populate meta.yaml

    - package name
    - github url
    - dependent packages with custom channel name :: package convention

2.  `$ nbdev_prepare`

    - nbdev_export: Builds the .py modules from Jupyter notebooks
    - nbdev_test: Tests your notebooks
    - nbdev_clean: Cleans your notebooks to get rid of extreanous output
      for git
    - nbdev_readme: Updates your repo’s README.md file from your index
      notebook.

3.  Manually execute conda build, but make sure it is isntalled in base
    as follows:

    ``` bash
    $ conda activate base
    $ conda install anaconda-client conda-build
    $ conda update conda  # latest updates to mamba
    $ anaconda login # enter your anaconda credentials
    $ cd [to your github folder]
    $ conda build -c conda-forge -c tmap . # -c your-dependent-channels
    ....
    anaconda upload \
        /anaconda/conda-bld/linux-64/nbdev_conda_test-0.0.1-py310_0.tar.bz2
    ....
    $ anaconda upload -u kekulai /anaconda/conda-bld/linux-64/nbdev_conda_test-0.0.1-py310_0.tar.bz2 # pass channnel as -u user
    conda located at:
    https://anaconda.org/kekulai/nbdev_conda_test
    ```

4.  removed test.yaml since it assumes pip install rather than conda.
    future work can revist a test CI using conda

5.  push to git

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
bar()
```

    hey
